Update docs (#43)
robbinjanssen/home-assistant-omnik-inverter: README.md

// ... Even more data
```

This output contains your serial number, firmware versions, hardware information, the 

> current power output: 1920, the Wh generated today: 429 and the total Wh generated: 87419.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
current power output: 1920, the energy (kWh) generated today: 429 and the total energy (kWh) generated: 87419.
```
